README.md, before:

# **_Tensorflow lab with Keras using the Iris Dataset_**
#### *Emerging Technologies Module - Lecturer: [Ian McLoughlin](ianmcloughlin.github.io) - 4th Year Software Development*
In this lab  [Emerging Technologies](https://github.com/emerging-technologies/emerging-technologies.github.io/blob/master/problems/tensorflow.md), we look at more tensorflow functionality using the iris dataset [Iris Datset](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_flower_data_set) if you look down below i will show the workings and the instructions how to run the application 

**_For more: [Lab Instructions](https://emerging-technologies.github.io/problems/project.html)_**
**_1: [View Juypter notebook copy](https://github.com/heanuea/Tensorflow/blob/master/TensorflowLab.ipynb)_**
**_2: [View python copy](https://github.com/heanuea/Tensorflow/blob/master/predict.py)_**

## **_Requirements_** 
You will need the following installed to run this project 
* [Anaconda 3.6](https://anaconda.org/anaconda/python) - The version of python you need 
* [Jupyter Notebook](http://jupyter.org) - TO run the ipynb copy of project 
- note if you download Full version of Anaconda Navigator a copy of notebook should be Available 

## **_How to run_** 
First if you go to the right and clone this project and unzip the project to a folder of choice.
```
Cmd in the selected folder (i used git bash )
```
Now you in if You want to Run the script locally just copy this command below. 
```
python predict.py 
```
Ypuu might get error for Keras package so to fix this go into the Anaconda CMD and type..
```
pip install keras 
```
### using Notebook 
now if you need Notebook you will need to run notebook and upload the ipynb file 
## **_Iris Dataset_**
## **_Keras over Tensorflow_**

## **_References_**
- https://github.com/emerging-technologies/keras-iris/blob/master/iris_nn.py
- https://keras.io/

Commit message:

added juypter and keros instructions

README.md, after:

# **_Tensorflow lab with Keras using the Iris Dataset_**
#### *Emerging Technologies Module - Lecturer: [Ian McLoughlin](ianmcloughlin.github.io) - 4th Year Software Development*
In this lab  [Emerging Technologies](https://github.com/emerging-technologies/emerging-technologies.github.io/blob/master/problems/tensorflow.md), we look at more tensorflow functionality using the iris dataset [Iris Datset](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_flower_data_set) if you look down below i will show the workings and the instructions how to run the application 

**_For more: [Lab Instructions](https://emerging-technologies.github.io/problems/project.html)_**
**_1: [View Juypter notebook copy](https://github.com/heanuea/Tensorflow/blob/master/TensorflowLab.ipynb)_**
**_2: [View python copy](https://github.com/heanuea/Tensorflow/blob/master/predict.py)_**

## **_Requirements_** 
You will need the following installed to run this project 
* [Anaconda 3.6](https://anaconda.org/anaconda/python) - The version of python you need. 
* [Jupyter Notebook](http://jupyter.org) - To run the ipynb copy of project. 
* note if you download Full version of Anaconda Navigator a copy of notebook should be Available. 

## **_How to run_** 
First if you go to the right and clone this project and unzip the project to a folder of choice.
```
Cmd in the selected folder (i used git bash )
```
Now you in if You want to Run the script locally just copy this command below. 
```
python predict.py 
```
Ypuu might get error for Keras package so to fix this go into the Anaconda CMD and type..
```
pip install keras 
```
### Using Notebook
``` 
now if you need Notebook you will need to run notebook and upload the ipynb file 
```
#### What is notebook check the link for details [Juypter](juypter.org)
The Jupyter Notebook is an open-source web application that allows you to create and share documents that contain live code, equations, visualizations and narrative text. Uses include: data cleaning and transformation, numerical simulation, statistical modeling, data visualization, machine learning, and much more.
## **_Iris Dataset_**

## **_Keras over Tensorflow_**
**_The Keras library in Python makes building and testing neural networks a snap. It provides a simpler, quicker alternative to [Theano](http://deeplearning.net/software/theano/) or TensorFlow–without worrying about floating point operations, GPU programming, linear algebra, etc._**

Keras has been around for a while and predates TensorFlow becoming open source. Keras originally supported Theano, which, like TensorFlow, is a framework that supports deep learning. But soon after TensorFlow was open sourced, Keras added support for TensorFlow. You can use Keras with many types of machine learning problems, but it is focused on the needs of neural networks in general and deep neural networks specifically. Also, Keras is expanding to support other frameworks, such as Microsoft CNTK.

 Keras is based on a model object. The model object acts as a framework to which layers are added. There are two primary types of model objects. The first is the sequence, which is a stack of layers where each layer feeds the next. For more complex structures, there is a functional API which lets you create your own relationship between layers. After you create your model object, you add layers to it. As required, you set parameters for each layer. And all of the interconnection between the layers are handled by Keras. Once you have your model object populated with layers, you call the model object's compile method. During this compile process, a TensorFlow graph with appropriate operators and tensors is created. After compiling, fit method is called to train the model. And finally, the evaluate method is called to evaluate the trained model's performance.




## **_References_**
- https://github.com/emerging-technologies/keras-iris/blob/master/iris_nn.py
- https://keras.io/
- https://www.oreilly.com/learning/getting-started-with-deep-learning-using-keras-and-python-new
